review  chapter_unit_test_first_view (#149)
hjwp/Book-TDD-Web-Dev-Python: chapter_unit_test_first_view.asciidoc

We finished the last chapter with a functional test failing,

> telling us that it wanted the home page for our site to have ``Congratulations!'' in its title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 telling us that it wanted the home page for our site to have ``To-Do'' in its title.
```
